# GelbooruScroller
A program which downloads images from Gelbooru (with or without specified tags), and automatically puts them into a slideshow.
Note, it does not support any video, and GIFs only show the first frame of animation, so they are disabled by default.

# Setup Instructions

1. Go to Gelbooru
2. Make an account
3. Go to options
4. Go to "API Access Credentials"
5. Copy over your API Access Key to line 84
and User ID to line 85
The string should be formatted like this: "&api_key=[API_KEY]&user_id=[USER_ID]", with no square brackets around it
6. (optional) Edit any preferences in the configuration section. I recommend changing max image size (line 118)
7. (optional) Edit blacklist options, but heed the warning!
8. Run the program

All of these instructions, including the following warning, is included in the program.

# WARNING!
This program is wholly generated by artificial intelligence. 
While I have done as much as I can to fix errors and anything of the sort, you are still running this program at your own risk.
Additionally, you may come across some nasty stuff. This is taking images from Gelbooru, and while I have filtered out the stuff that most people will object to (line 113 if youwant to change it), there will be stuff that slips through the cracks. 
Remember, every image displayed is downloaded through your ISP, and stays on your computer until you delete it MANUALLY. You can find the images in the "cache" folder, placed in whichever directory you run this program in.
Basically, be safe, stay protected, and have fun.
